hey guys LPS TV episodes here and guess
what I got can you see what that is so
far huh huh yeah it's a little trade
package from and forever you and I her
name is right here Sadie limb I'm trying
my best not to show the address so yeah
I opened it but I promise I didn't look
inside or anything so it's addressed to
me LPS TV episodes there's a cute little
drawing on the front I really like this
drawing oh here my nails look purple I'd
like chipped away right here and had to
repaint that I like painted them
yesterday and it's already chipping away
okay so Opie ask you if stones I'm gonna
show the pit to last ok I think there
was a nothing here yes ok so I'll PST
webisodes and I'm like so excited so
because it's proved that she's not a
scammer to me if you guys still think
she's one will look now so it's like a
little oh that's so nice I did it so
cute this is hey Bri cute drawing can I
call you that yeah you can call me Bree
most people like to call me Bree you're
the most amazing person ever like
seriously lol you're the person that I
trust the most I can always count on you
and dude your drawings are amazing thank
you you're not you're putting no don't
bad yourself you're pretty good actually
thank your drawings really cute you're
one of the people that I give free ops2
so you're special and don't forget it
okay okay wish me your neighbors I wish
we were anniversary it would be like so
much fun I need to move down there be oh
BTW time chatting with you is so much
fun there's a cute kitty drawing a cute
puppy drawing oh it's so cute okay be
quiet calm down and forever you when i
love you like a sister i love you like a
sister
to your right so nice to like the most
nicest person I ever met so let's see
what's in the package oh oh oh my god oh
my god I've been dying to get an LPS
wolf I have never even seen one but like
I'm only in videos but I've never like
seen it like real life but oh my god i
distill me that there's a few markings
on its muzzle butter that then other
than that it's really cute and I'm like
so excited to have it thank you so much
i hope i can trade with you again and if
anybody else wants to trade with me I'd
be happy to trade because I like I need
to trade with more people often I like
I'm dying to try to someone else but
they like don't want to trade so if you
ever want to trade with me PM me or
comment down below and I'll make a trade
offer video for you if you want if you
want me to so yeah oh my dog thank you
so much and for every unite you're not a
scammer I already know that you like the
most amazing person on no pulse you're
possum possum that's our word possum so
thank you like so much and you know a
book and try to see you again hello bye
you're an amazing drawer